I'm pointing a
gun at your agent.
Get us out of Iran!
Talk to him.
They will take us out like
- this. just be ready.
- Good.
The units. a terrorist
is holding a hostage.
They remove the terms
of the agreement.
I have to complete
the operation.
For Iran.
For you
come on
As it seems. they put together a
lollipop and go for a full nuclear test.
They are taking care of it now.
I see the science
armed take it.
Well. we have to kidnap him before
the Iranians get their hands on him.
Come with
me. Doctor.
Revolutionary Guards!
You are from
the Mossad.
He was involved in the Israeli
nuclear program in the 1980s.
I will never return to Iran.
It makes you sad.
She enters the soul.
How did you find me in
the warehouse. the cruel
question. is it for such a
rachzin. he called the khazharot?
I'm afraid it was me.
Did you call the shifts?
Not. I sent a message.
from a dead man's phone.
Now. just the two
of you here. or
are more of your agents coming?
For tea do you do it?
You have no chance
of understanding.
Try a signal
only You are both here
give me your phone
are you calling
Give me your telson!
Don't move
Behind me! Your three
Perez. as you wish
Stay down!
Come in fast!
He was mad at him.
Q more?
Only the two escaped.
And we
I know everything.
Put something on it.
What happened there
with the scientist?
We made a mistake. He
works with the Iranians.
He'll have a chance to shoot
me. I don't know why he...
How did Praz get there?
This son of a bitch
from the salaries!
What a mistake Same
straight to Peters
come on are we going
now! Come on. we
don't have time.
- Come on. we don't have time. My suitcase!
- Forward
- Why are you doing 1e?
- Shut up.
- Did that happen?
- Shut up. shut up.
Isa Baal - Shut up
close the door close it
Was he the only one?
As hell
Back. Nahid!
Was he the only one?
It's over
It's all over.
Breathe. breathe...
She's fine. sir.
There was one terrorist.
And he was eliminated.
One of the brothers
is with her. the rest
Reproduce her.
Until i get home
before When you get home...
You should catch those tears!
If you know that I was only arrested for camouflage
purposes. you know that's what I came here for.
Do you understand These
two can destroy everything!
All Western intelligence organizations
They will try to catch me themselves.
Not. -not?!
They will want to kill you.
The gun.
What the hell happened here?
The Iranians recruited him
After they put him in jail?
In that case he would
have continued with us.
The timing of everything.
The last pieces of the bomb were
smuggled into Nikko just as he arrived.
He was with them
from the beginning.
And now he will assemble
the bomb for them.
1e will hurt a little.
Keep it that way
Will you repay?
Just tell him a story
Arrest him. throw
him in jail bro.
That way he is the last person
I would allow to suspect him.
Expose it
I wish it was that simple.
But with his past...
Do we have leverage on him. weak
points from family members. anything?
His wife Nest
He has a daughter.
He told me about her.
Include her phone number.
They've been planning
this thing for years.
So that we don't understand
what is really happening.
Nofer..
Listen up. everyone
Eric Pearson is
an Iranian agent.
Definitely ask him
assistants and contacts.
Immediately issue me a report on his
every movement Since he arrived in Tehran.
Anything and anyone that can
lead us to its current location.
If we find the scientist.
we'll find the bomb.
And the operation order
changed at this moment.
You hear
I'm with you
She is no longer
trapped. She is a foil.
I received
Dr. Eric Sitterson.
I'm glad to finally
meet you in person I'm
sorry for everything
you've been through.
I'm glad you're okay. please.
I managed to free
the Doctor. but...
Mossad agents are
still at large.
I will ferment them.
I have to ask what
you said to the
Zionists. I didn't
tell them anything.
But they know a lot.
They can expose your
ravenness to the world.
You know you can do that.
Let me appear on tv.
and reveal to the world the
things I know about them.
With permission
at the time.
Around the same time when the
Ayatollah returned to power.
The Israelis were the ones who
were interested in nuclear weapons.
And the only government in the
world that agreed to help her □
was that of South Africa.
Being a young man then...
But I have been working
on this project.
A series of nuclear tests
along our coastline.
The Israelis. of course. Zombie
denied their involvement.
Inoculate our enemy.
The one you did
No one knows for sure If Israel
has nuclear weapons. but...
make everyone
believe to this day
that she probably has.
And so I want to
As I told General Zazukhazdi.
That when I build this nast
head. I'm not building a weapon.
What what that iran needs.
to strengthen her hand
and give her the honor she
deserves. He is a deterrent.
To tell the truth. I
don't believe in God.
but I believe in justice.
I believe in...
decency. in some way
And if there is an imbalance
created in the past.
I am from yen to be fixed.
Iran is grateful to you. Doctor.
And after today's events.
we can't wait any longer.
When of all perform the
very soon
if i stay alive
Start Meru
We will make every effort
to maintain your coverage.
General Kamali will be personally
responsible for your safety!
If you need anything. anything!
You can contact him directly.
Now. please. Big days await us.
Take him home
Is this your first injury?
You kidnapped
And too many times you kidnapped
take Keep it. for luck.
I'm around. aren't I?
Was he a terrorist?
I... I don't know.
When the order came.
As a foreigner as a cruel...
He called him a terrorist.
The man you killed
Did he tell you to
pack a suitcase?
I saw her there.
He said where he was taking you
Thank you for what you did
today. But I'm very tired.
Ms. Kamali...
I will get to Akzat.
But it will benefit us all If
you tell me the one you know.
You like living like this
If you just talk to me. I can
end this nightmare for you.
Tell me what really
I am asking you..
Ask me what really happened
to Mr. Lan Montezam
where is my wife
the card of
Nahid...
mumps!
You are fine
Did they go crazy on you?
Hello general
I was on the site when the
dismissal came. thank God.
A lucky coincidence.
Good.
Thanks.
Of course I will
do everything I can
Identify this terrorist
and his accomplices.
That they won't do
anything else. hollow.
Please.
With your permission
The international community
continues to condemn Iran's actions.
The state continues to strongly
deny it. but for now Dr.
Peterson's colleagues
have replaced him.
indicating that he may remain
in custody for some time.
The Islamic Republic of Iran
continues to claim that Dr. Sitterson
took advantage of his attitude for
sensitive government facilities
to carry out illegal surveillance1
on behalf of Western governments
The South African embassy said
that they are working tirelessly
to secure the release
of Dr. Peterson.
Because they believe He
probably won't get a fair trial.
which may lead to a mistrial.
A. Thank you. David. And now.
for more news from the world.
Doctor. you have a visitor.
Shasark
what happened to you
-It's... it's anything.
What matters is that I'm
here and I can go on.
Good to see you
good to see you too
Listen. Eric... And we
won't talk there. okay?
Did you manage to get the...?
I did what you asked.
I checked the
diagnostic data for
the components as
each one arrived.
Your concern was justified.
I detected an anomaly in the
explosive's wiring system.
Looks like someone
tampered with the parts.
And when Zusabi missed it.
The intensity of the explosion is not
even close to the target of the program.
Did you tell anyone about it?
I can't diagnose the exact cause
Direct access to
components and code.
- Athena thinks I might eat...
- No. no. no.
You've done enough.
You should go home.
See you again
i don't know
i hope
good morning how is the shoulder
still hurts
You think Kahid
was also part of it
will not inform.
He lied to her.
She wanted out of it. I'm sure.
So her troubles
are just beginning.
She needs help
You don't owe her anything.
She is the wife of a black man.
I do owe her. I promised her.
No. they are the same
We know the scientist has
been out of Aami to the
enrichment facility since
the delegation arrived.
and besides he hasn't
left the hotel. but...
we have someone's ID from
the hotel's security cameras.
Shapark Kori is the
wife of Farzin Kori.
He was the head of the
enrichment program.
Foiled seven years ago.
Now she works with
the scientist.
The scientist led the delegation of UN
inspectors during Parezin's time as well.
After his foiling. the members
of the expedition traded.
But he actually stayed
in Iran for a while.
Developed connections here.
How do you find Shapark?
We are still gathering to
locate the residential address.
When you arrest her. interrogate her. do whatever
it takes to find a clue to the scientist.
They are trying very hard
to keep the cover up.
And that means they are
quickly approaching their goal.
We have to be faster than them.
O. Q.
Get me the "fireplace"
in particular
Oh. I hear
i am here
Will we have a problem here?
Do you remember the
previous □ trip.
Send a location.
I'm sorry because of that.
Something like this
happened to you.
But he didn't have one
you lied
to protect us
I had to make them
believe we will leave
It was the only way to save us.
Save you
do you understand
You used me!
You took advantage
of his desire...
I really thought
we were leaving.
But we have no reason to leave.
You know
A thousand and one reasons
I can't live like
this another second..
To be scared to death every time
there is a knock on the door
Every time a car passes
Every time the telson rings
come on
I want to show you Moshe
come with me
come on
take a look
Look outside.
You see
Nobody rowed.
Wherever we go.
one that is not done.
Do you understand
you are safe now
Safer than you were in Sam.
We cross-referenced
the information.
There are no connections
between him and the Ha-Hareeh
organization or any other
recognized terrorist organization.
A the gun here it
starts to be as
zen it conforms
to the ballistics
tests of shooting weapons In an
assassination
attempt for 9 months.
As a concubine he probably
worked with the Zionists.
Lunch□ on my own next time.
Open the door.
Raskaz
I expected to see blue risks.
I'm sorry to disappoint you.
Have to Y many as males.
Peterson saw you
with a Mossad agent.
Is Sarah from the Mossad?
What would you do if you knew?
If the 1st informs.
I know she came to meet you.
I went there to return Sitters 1
I didn't know she would be there.
Where is she now -
How should I know?
- Is she?
- I don't know!
Claim your loyalty.
Find her
bring her to him.
Or you will stay
until you rot.
You understood
Dr. Peterson. this
is really a big day.
I am glad to be here. at last.
I'm sorry about the
incident that evening.
I felt I had to
protect the components.
I'm glad to see
you're alive. Doctor.
Open the door please
thanks.
Here.
Wear it
We are collapsing.
compressing and yielding.
The results are promising.
From here. please.
Making excellent
progress.
9e as much.
This is how we work
on the assembly.
For God's sake I said
Go to the warehouse.
These components are coming from various
nuclear programs from all over the world.
I was supposed to check every single one
of them before we start Even on assembly.
Larijani demanded
that we act urgently.
I was told you might
not get here at all.
I'm here now!
And I believe that there may be a
problem with the firing of the fuse.
How do you know?
That Mary. your "trusted
liaison". she visited you
I don't like working on
this project without consent
I don't like working On
this project without sheds
I don't like working on
this project without consent
Your professional pride is not at
the top of the list of priorities
"That Nuri". you called her.
was part of my plan
long before you.
Our best people are here.
Not. They are not.
Your best men are dead.
They were killed by foreign governments
because of their involvement in this program.
You understand how much
I'm risking by being here.
I need someone who can
trust him completely.
I know Shapark. I
knew her husband.
She will continue to
perform the diagnostics.
Disassemble the wiring system
until we check it properly.
I didn't go through all that Do
an experiment in a crappy port.
I want
I'm the one who has
operational authority here
I call Kamal
Did you ask yourself that
they never tried to kill you?
I told you not to
stay here. didn't I?
You said
Do you need RO9A?
No. 1 is fine.
Apartment 304. I'm here.
Third floor
are you with me
I... I have to.
I don't like ;e.
Focus on the task now.
"Razkhundgan Park. An
Abbasid riot. Your out."
fast. forward.
You didn't forget to stay
Sorry mom. I forgot the bag of
his baby...
hurry
This happens
I had no entry requirements.
Why not? This woman has
intelligence which we need now.
You'll see soon.
Hi how are you hello
ma'am how are you
Is that why you waited?
She was with her daughter.
Would you do that?
She is coming back
Now you won't be
- What is this - Enter Sanima.
- What are you doing?
India
please don't hurt me
I will sit don't hurt
me I have a little girl.
Don't make me mad.
what did I do?
I have a little girl. -Shut up
I'm begging!
Listen. and I have a daughter.
Please don't make me mad.
Very small seer? look
please...
Where is Peterson?
Who?
Who?!
We know you were In
Peterson's room at the hotel.
I don't have time for bullshit
We know he's not in Evin Prison.
We know what he really does.
So where is he
You are from the institution.
Neza who says that if you shout
I will kill you and any boy
who comes to help.
is that clear?
Give me your phone
Give me the phone!
Larijani must understand.
I need full control of the
facility. as I
agreed with General
Morokzad. is this the
one he promised you?
Otherwise I cannot guarantee I
will stick to Larijani's schedule.
Like a cruel Zusabi?
If he had any sense. I
wouldn't be talking to you.
The answer is no. Doctor.
Did you hear that I said?
You told Rijani that you would stay on
schedule if I made sure you stayed alive.
You are his living witnesses.
Listen. I believe
It may be necessary to
check each component.
Each and every one of them.
and five have tamper marks.
There are dozens of components
that could crash at any moment.
I suspect someone
Sabotaged the explosive's
wiring before it got here.
I'll have to check
closely to make sure.
Did someone sabotage her? who?
The institution
They didn't know about
this plan early enough.
How do you know
i know
I'll talk to
Larijani right away.
His plan...
my arrest the prison.
I was going to sort everything out
here And then back to my old life.
In a better and calmer world.
Maybe they'll get to
see his daughter again.
I don't think that
will happen now.
Not.
Wife
I didn't ask. everything
Did you talk to
Sitterson about one?
Go fuck yourself.
Farzin died because of his
involvement in the show.
Don't make the same
mistake he did.
One of your men killed him
because he was doing his job.
In front of the eyes of
Killed him because
he loved his country.
What about the country of
The people for whom he built the 9Zatza
want to bore us in the seni of the adva.
My husband did not get to see his daughter
grow up Because of people like you!
And if you don't help me. she
won't have anyone left -filth!
Where is Peterson?
I don't know where Peterson is.
They don't tell
people like me...
So you leave me no choice.
His disk-on-key.
I have secure access.
Maybe you can use
where is he
in the vault of
fast! bring him
ok. ok
The key is in the
dresser in the bedroom.
If I help you. will you make sure
they don't find out it was me?
His...
She has no one but me.
Date.
Quiet!
Neighbors.
whore!
I will kill you!
Old. hands Or your mind will
be up! It is applied to the ki
You got me into a serious mess.